hey guys welcome to my channel and
welcome to the United States of America
the country of celebrities a lot of
celebrities are Americans and have
really weird names and some celebrities
are actually immigrants so we have to
learn how to pronounce their names
correctly so if you're interested what's
the correct pronunciation of the name of
your favorite blogger please continue
watching this video celebrity number one
and I feel that I have to start with
non-traditional celebrities because
these are winning millions of views
right now and the first celebrity is
called Amanda Cerny
and she's had on Twitter that if you're
European you should pronounce Cherney
but if you're an American you should
pronounce Amanda Cerny and she calls
herself Amanda Cerny she has almost 20
million followers on Instagram and she
creates affiance and on average have
wine would score like 7 or 8 million
youth so if you're not yet subscribed
and interested in American humor don't
forget to subscribe
ok one of my favorite Instagram account
is the next name and the Instagram
accounts name is in Rada there is
nothing to struggle with pronunciation
right here but her actual name is Emily
Ratajkowski
there is actually a DJ inside her name
but you do not pronounce it the first
time I saw it was in the film two gone
girl and I fell in love with her and I
followed her ever since and yeah she's
amazing
Emily Roddick offski next name is
PewDiePie and in order to remember how
to pronounce it right you can rhyme it
with cutie pie and beautify is actually
one of the biggest if not the biggest
blogger on YouTube right now he has 61
million followers and I just checked
today he released two videos and both
got more than 3 million views in a day
that's crazy
the next vlogger is the one who spies me
the most and he inspired my next trip to
New York which is gonna happen in two
weeks
his name is Casey nice done so he's last
name seems a little German to me and
it's actually pronounced in a German way
so it's Casey nice toss let's wrap up
youtubers with the CEO of YouTube her
name is Susan poor jet ski
hold on wait sec let me YouTube it well
jiske jiske I actually met her in person
here in Silicon Valley she gave a very
powerful speech about actually
transitioning YouTube from being an
entertainment platform into being an
educational platform in the next couple
of years so yeah they're all based here
YouTube headquarters is in San Bruno
it's like a 20-minute drive from here
so it's really exciting to be in the
center of the whole YouTube headquarters
community say at the CEO of YouTube is
Susan push it escapes you probably know
this name he's a pretty kind of all
celebrity compared to those that I
mentioned before he's been on the scene
for a long time his name is David Guetta
and one of my mistakes so when I was
back in Russia I pronounced his name I
just read it the way it was written so
David Greta which is completely wrong so
it's the name of DJ David Guetta now
Beyonce I know you're struggling to
pronounce it like it if you've struggled
because I have so beyond say it's like
be Yonsei this is the correct way to
pronounce the name of the singer the
next one is so funny so this guy's an
actor his name is I would read it Jake
Gyllenhaal but I just recently watched a
video with him where he said he's from
Sweden and he said the only two places
on earth where his name is pronounced
correctly is Sweden and IKEA a Swedish
name is it not it is a Swedish so
shouldn't be like yelling are the only
two places that that is pronounced
correctly my last name like you did just
now is in Sweden uh-huh and in IKEA yeah
ha this is the way to pronounce his name
I'm not gonna do that in my life but if
you want to do that if you want to sound
like if you're a professional Swedish
last names a pro no pro no theatre at
all what's the word but this is this is
it yeah this is the way to pronounce his
last name the next guy became popular
after he starred in a film Harry Porter
but
I haven't seen him in a lot of films
after but his name is Daniel Radcliffe
the thing here is you do not read the
last Yi in his last name so it's Daniel
Radcliffe the actress which has a pretty
okay first name Charlize but she has a
last name which everybody is mixing up
so it's sarin
Charlize Theron and she says like almost
99% of people are actually
mispronouncing her last name I'm happy I
got your name correct no not just
correct it's it's like music to my ears
yeah so beautiful says her own yeah
Rihanna in this name you do not
pronounce H so it's Rihanna and she says
it Rihanna so she actually says it in an
American Way so repeat Rihanna I is
Rihanna
okay and the last but not the least is
one of the best singers in the world who
goes by her first name and it's Adele
you do not pronounce the last Adele
thank you so much guys for watching this
video up to the very end if you like the
content please click like and please do
not forget to subscribe to this channel
there is a red button just below this
video and please write down in comments
below what name of celebrity are you
struggling to pronounce thank you so
much and I'll see you in the next life
bye
[Music]